[DOCS-1540] Initial docs for LLM Evaluation Jobs (#1910)
wandb/docs: snippets/en/_includes/public-preview-feature.mdx

> This feature is in **preview**. During the preview, there is no charge to try it out.

Author: ```suggestion
LLM Evaluation Jobs is in **Preview**. There is no charge during the preview period.
```

> This feature is in **private preview**, available by invitation only. To request enrollment, contact [support](mailto:support@wandb.com) or your AISE.

Reviewer: Public preview no?

Author: Yep, hasty pasting. But I think it's just Preview, we don't announce when things are in private preview.
